README.md, before:

# UBC CS Procmail filters

UBC CS has several different versions of SpamAssassin installed, making it
difficult to configure the global site version to run machine that runs
procmail.
remote.cs.ubc.ca has version 3.4.2, while gypsytears.cs.ubc.ca uses 3.3.1, and
they're configuration are apparently incompatible.

I've installed SpamAssassin locally on my home directory which should avoid
these problems.

- Run `init-spamassassin.sh` on `remote.cs.ubc.ca` to get the environment
  variables setup to use my version of SpamAssassin.
  This will install environment variables in `.bashrc`.
- Add the contents of `crontab` to your crontab.
- Add the contents of `.procmailrc` to your `.procmailrc`, preferably near the
  top.
- Save messages to the `Junk` folder to train the spam filter, and autoblock
  that address; save messages to `CSFILTER` to only use train the spam filter
  but not autoblock.
- Move messages out of `CSFILTER` to any other folder to get them retrained as
  ham.
- Maybe uncomment some of the supervision request patterns.
- Customize `~/.spamassassin/user_prefs` if you like.
  By default, you'll automatically get the customizations I've made in the
  `user_prefs` file found in this repo, which notable includes crowdsourced DNS
  allow and blocklists, and a reputation plugin which learns blocklists based on
  your spam filed in the `Junk` folder.

Commit message:

Update instructions with new machine

README.md, after:

# UBC CS Procmail filters

UBC CS has several different versions of SpamAssassin installed, making it
difficult to configure the global site version to run machine that runs
procmail.

I've installed SpamAssassin locally on my home directory which should avoid
these problems.

To setup SpamAssassin, you must install the following (particularly the cron
job) on `kokanee.cs.ubc.ca`.
Most of the files can be edited from any of the remote machine, but currently
only `kokanee` has access to the INBOX folder, which is necessary for training
the classifier.

- Run `init-spamassassin.sh` on `kokanee.cs.ubc.ca` to get the environment
  variables setup to use my version of SpamAssassin.
  This will install environment variables in `.bashrc`.
- Add the contents of `crontab` to your crontab, on `kokanee.cs.ubc.ca`.
- Add the contents of `.procmailrc` to your `.procmailrc`, preferably near the
  top.
- Save messages to the `Junk` folder to train the spam filter, and autoblock
  that address; save messages to `CSFILTER` to only use train the spam filter
  but not autoblock.
- Move messages out of `CSFILTER` to any other folder to get them retrained as
  ham.
- Maybe uncomment some of the supervision request patterns.
- Customize `~/.spamassassin/user_prefs` if you like.
  By default, you'll automatically get the customizations I've made in the
  `user_prefs` file found in this repo, which notable includes crowdsourced DNS
  allow and blocklists, and a reputation plugin which learns blocklists based on
  your spam filed in the `Junk` folder.
